{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ################# ENGM 2081 Assignment 1 q3 ####################\
####		Alex Moriarty 	B00317947\
\
\
/** File: coins.c\
*   Compute the value of coins entered by the user\
*         \
*   Programmer: Alex Moriarty         Date: Sept 17 2009\
*   Course: ENGM 2081                 Instructors: Fenton/Phillips\
*/\
\
#include <stdio.h>\
\
int main(void)\
\{\
   int h;  /* number of half dollars */\
   int q;  /* number of quarters     */\
   int d;  /* number of dimes        */\
   int n;  /* number of nickels      */\
   int p;  /* number of pennies      */\
      \
   /* you fill in the rest */\
   int total, value;\
   printf("How many half dollars do you have? "); \
   scanf("%d", &h);  \
   printf("How many quarters do you have? "); \
   scanf("%d", &q);   \
   printf("How many dimes do you have? ");   \
   scanf("%d", &d);\
   printf("How many nickels do you have? "); \
   scanf("%d", &n);\
   printf("How many pennies do you have? "); \
   scanf("%d", &p);\
   total = h+q+d+n+p;\
   value = 50*h+25*q+10*d+5*n+p;\
   printf("\\nYou entered:\\t%d half dollars\\n\\t\\t%d quarters\\n\\t\\t%d quarters\\n\\t\\t%d dimes\\n\\t\\t%d pennies\\n", h, q, d, n, p);\
   printf("The value of your %d coins is equivalent to %d pennies\\n", total, value);\
   return 0;\
\}\
\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
################# ENGM 2081 Assignment 1 Compile & Output ######\
\
moriarty@bluenose:~/engi/engm2081$ gcc -o q3 a1.3.c -lm \
moriarty@bluenose:~/engi/engm2081$ q3\
How many half dollars do you have? 1\
How many quarters do you have? 2\
How many dimes do you have? 3\
How many nickels do you have? 14\
How many pennies do you have? 3\
\
You entered:	1 half dollars\
		2 quarters\
		3 quarters\
		14 dimes\
		3 pennies\
The value of your 23 coins is equivalent to 203 pennies\
moriarty@bluenose:~/engi/engm2081$ \
}